Roderigo: That Othello will do well if he can pull this off

Iago: Wake up Brabantio, chase him down, antagonize him, make him angry at Othello.

Roderigo: Here's his house, I'll shout at him

Iago: Yes! Scream at him! Of fires across the city.

Roderigo: Brabantio! Brabantio! Wake up, Brabantio!

Iago: Brabantio! You've got burglars in your house! Your daughters been stolen, as have your bags!

Brabantio: What the hell are you talking about? I'm trying to sleep. Leave me alone!

Iago: Are you sure you locked your doors? 

Brabantio: What's it to you?

Iago: Someones robbed your house, they stole your daughter. Get dressed, or else she's going to 
get knocked up by a black guy. Wake up!

Brabantio: Screw off, you! 

Roderigo: Brabantio, do you remember me?

Brabantio: No, who are you?

Roderigo: It's me, Roderigo!

Brabantio: I remember you now, you were chasing after my daught before. I told you then, and I'm telling you now, 
you aren't getting with her. Leave us alone!

Roderigo: No, that's not ...

Brabantio: Don't give me this, I'm have power! I'll get back at you for this, should you continue.

Roderigo: Chill!

Brabantio: Who the hell would rob me! I'm a member of parliament!

Roderigo: Brabantio, I'm here out of good will, I want whats best for you.

Iago: Brabantio, your a god damn atheist if you won't take our advice! Imagine your daughter with a horse on top of her,
with little horse children! Is that what you want?

Brabantio: Your all satanists! 

Iago: I'm the one telling you that a black guy is parking his car in your daughters garage.

Brabantio: You're a felon

Iago: Your an MP

Brabantio: That son of a dog! Where did he take my daughter off to? 
What treachery did he use to get her following him? 
What black wizardry? She would never leave my side if he didn't. 
She was the happiest little girl, never wanting to marry, to leave our 
happy household. She was in a wealthy home, among kind counterparts, and yet, 
has run from my house off with some Moor. This is disgusting, how he's
cast hhis black spells on her, drugged her sober self, weakended her 
until she couldn't defend herself. This is the only way it could have happened, and 
I will have him justly punished!
